Title - eToll System.

Date - 28/04/2018

Field of invention - Miscellaneous

Invention is - System



Keywords - eToll, electronic Toll Payment, QR code, Mobile Device

Prior Patent - System and method for providing electronic toll collection to users of wireless mobile devices
US8587454B1

Problems - Complex and hard to scale system.
		   User must have the mobile device with him at the time of passing through Toll.
		   Doesnt deal with sharing of vehicles.
		   No pipeline to use data collected at tolls.
		   insecure information exchange.

Prior Literature - Automatic Toll Collection System Using QR Code
International Journal Of Engineering And Computer Science ISSN:2319-7242
Volume 6 Issue 3 March 2017, Page No. 20614-20616

Problems - Scalability.
		   No verification of passing vehicle and the price paid for.
		   Blob Detection overhead to calculate toll (Highly error prone method)
		   insecure information channel.
		   More insights can be produced from data but only revenue analysis is performed.

Solution - 

Scalability - PostgreXL, MongoDB , Redis Cache (Storage Scalability)
			  Spark, Kafka, nodeJS-Socket.io based Realtime Analytics. (analytics scalability)
			  Django Channels based asynchronous REST API for PostgreXL

Device Independent - Optimized Native Android Application and React Native Application for other devices e.g. Windows phone ( react-native-windows), Apple, Apple Watch, Apple TV, android watch, Xbox etc.

Need of Mobile device to verify payment - User can take printout of vehicle ID on a card. He just needs to plan it in advance and pay. It will be automatically verified at a toll.

Security - Uses TLS-handshake like mechanism to transmit info using ECDHE to transmit critical information so that even on HTTPS force disable.

Insights - Spark.

Sharing of vehicles - Treats vehicle as an entity regulated by the owner. People can share their vehicles using a PIN or QR. Makes it suitable for practical usage e.g. Transport Business Owner giving vehicles to his drivers.

Reassurance of vehicle - Uses Deep Learning based ALPR to verify that the vehicle is indeed for which toll has been paid.

Process Workflow

Novel Features - 
1. Partially offline operation, ie. No need of any device after paying the toll once.
2. Personalized analytics for each user eg. Money Spent on tolls, Most visited Toll, Recent Paid, Most used vehicle.
3. Cross platform application using react native.
4. Vehicle Specific analytics for government and owners of vehicles eg. who uses a certain vehicle.
5. DL based ALPR for reassurance of vehicle.
6. Sharing of vehicle (Vehicle centered RBAC with owner at top of heirarchy).


Application -
1. Reduce time of wait for vehicles on tolls thus increase throughput on Toll Gates.
2. It can be used alongside or as a replacement of RFID based toll payment systems to cut down on RFID cost.
3. It can produce significant analytics and further predictions based on daily activities on tolls for goverment to better regulate services on tolls.
3. The produced analytics can be used for tracking specific vehicle activities as well.
4. Government can monitor toll collections easily in real time.
5. Detection of illegal tolls will be trivial.
